docs/README.md, before:

# Classcreator : CPP classes designed in Orthodox Canonical Form

> :fr: French documentation available [here](#)

## How to use it ?

> :bulb: You can check your bash version with `bash --version`

1. Your bash version is >= 4.0 : you can run using the following command

<blockquote>

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL --connect-timeout 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nsainton/classcreator/main/classcreator.sh) Classname header_dir sources_dir
```

</blockquote>

2.	Your bash version is < 4.0 : you can run using the following command

<blockquote>

```bash
curl -fsSL --connect-timeout 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nsainton/classcreator/main/classcreator.sh -o sh /tmp/classcreator.sh && /tmp/classcreator.sh Classname header_dir sources_dir
```

</blockquote>


## What does it do

This script can create a .cpp file and a .h file for a C++ class with the name "Classname" (quotes omitted). <br/>
This class will contain :
1.	A default constructor `Classname::Classname()`
2.	A copy constructor `Classname::Classname( const Classname & other )`
3.	A copy assignment operator `Classname & Classname::Classname( const Classname & other )`
4.	A virtual destructor `Classname::~Classname()`

It is design to comply with the Orthodox canonical form and is such that the file outputed by the Script will compile right away with all the compiler warnings enabled. <br/>
Although they do absolutely nothing apart from writting the functions that are called to std::clog ostream object.

## What arguments can I provide to the Script?

This script can be executed in 3 distinct ways :
1.	./classcreator Classname -> creates a Classname.cpp and Classname.h class file in the current directory
2.	./classcreator Classname dir -> creates a dir/Classname.cpp and a dir/Classname.h file in the specified directory
3.	./classcreator Classname header\_dir class\_dir -> creates a header\_dir/classname.h and a class\_dir/classname.cpp file in the specified directories and source files

> :bulb: Any non-existent directory will be created by the script

## What will I get after executing the Script ?

Let's run the command : `./classcreator Test includes sources` in an empty directory <br/>
We will get two new files : sources/Test.cpp and includes/Test.h

> :bulb: Both of these files are also available in the "examples" folder

This is what the [Test.h](/examples/Test.h) file looks like :
```cpp
#ifndef __TEST_H__
# define __TEST_H__

class	Test{
	public:
		Test();
		Test( const Test & );
		Test& operator=( const Test & );
		virtual ~Test();
};
#endif
```

This is what the [Test.cpp](/examples/Test.cpp) file looks like :
```cpp
#include "Test.h"
#include <iostream>

Test::Test(){
	std::clog << "Test Default Constructor Called" << std::endl;
}

Test::Test( const Test & other ){
	std::clog << "Test Copy Constructor Called" << std::endl;
	(void)other;
}

Test&	Test::operator=( const Test & other ){
	std::clog << "Test Copy Assignment Operator Called" << std::endl;
	(void)other;
	return (*this);
}

Test::~Test(){
	std::clog << "Test Destructor Called" << std::endl;
}
```

Commit message:

feat(README): :sparkles: Finished README. Needs to write french version and record demo video :sparkles:

docs/README.md, after:

# Classcreator : CPP classes designed in Orthodox Canonical Form

> :fr: French documentation available [here](#)

## How to use it ?

> :bulb: You can check your bash version with `bash --version`

1. Your bash version is >= 4.0 : you can run using the following command

<blockquote>

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL --connect-timeout 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nsainton/classcreator/main/classcreator.sh) Classname header_dir sources_dir
```

</blockquote>

2.	Your bash version is < 4.0 : you can run using the following command

<blockquote>

```bash
curl -fsSL --connect-timeout 10 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nsainton/classcreator/main/classcreator.sh -o sh /tmp/classcreator.sh && /tmp/classcreator.sh Classname header_dir sources_dir
```

</blockquote>


## What does it do

This script can create a .cpp file and a .h file for a C++ class with the name "Classname" (quotes omitted). <br/>
This class will contain :
1.	A default constructor `Classname::Classname()`
2.	A copy constructor `Classname::Classname( const Classname & other )`
3.	A copy assignment operator `Classname & Classname::Classname( const Classname & other )`
4.	A virtual destructor `Classname::~Classname()`

It is design to comply with the Orthodox canonical form and is such that the file outputed by the Script will compile right away with all the compiler warnings enabled. <br/>
Although they do absolutely nothing apart from writting the functions that are called to std::clog ostream object.

## What arguments can I provide to the Script?

This script can be executed in 3 distinct ways :
1.	sh classcreator.sh Classname -> creates a Classname.cpp and Classname.h class file in the current directory
2.	sh classcreator.sh Classname dir -> creates a dir/Classname.cpp and a dir/Classname.h file in the specified directory
3.	sh classcreator.sh Classname header\_dir class\_dir -> creates a header\_dir/classname.h and a class\_dir/classname.cpp file in the specified directories and source files

> :bulb: Any non-existent directory will be created by the script

## What will I get after executing the Script ?

Let's run the command : `sh classcreator.sh Test includes sources` in an empty directory <br/>
We will get two new files : sources/Test.cpp and includes/Test.h

> :bulb: Both of these files are also available in the "examples" folder

This is what the [Test.h](/examples/Test.h) file looks like :
```cpp
#ifndef __TEST_H__
# define __TEST_H__

class	Test{
	public:
		Test();
		Test( const Test & );
		Test& operator=( const Test & );
		virtual ~Test();
};
#endif
```

This is what the [Test.cpp](/examples/Test.cpp) file looks like :
```cpp
#include "Test.h"
#include <iostream>

Test::Test(){
	std::clog << "Test Default Constructor Called" << std::endl;
}

Test::Test( const Test & other ){
	std::clog << "Test Copy Constructor Called" << std::endl;
	(void)other;
}

Test&	Test::operator=( const Test & other ){
	std::clog << "Test Copy Assignment Operator Called" << std::endl;
	(void)other;
	return (*this);
}

Test::~Test(){
	std::clog << "Test Destructor Called" << std::endl;
}
```

The Test.cpp source file can be compiled right away without raising any warning.

## Get Help

Run the script without any argument :
```bash
sh classcreator.sh
```

To get a help message about how to run the script.

## Contributing

There are two ways to contribute to this project
- Send me a message on discord (for 42 students) or to the following [email](mailto:nsainton@student.42.fr?subject=[classcreator])
- Pull requests that are currently closed but are going to be oppened soon for you to add all your amazing features to the project

## Demo Video
